Update WGE installation instructions after reloaded integration (#2025)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/installation.mdx

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### 5. Install

Commit and push all the files

### 5.5 Configure password and add rolebindings for the

TODO: configure password

> By default a user `WegoAdmin` is used when you login.

Reviewer: in core this is wego-admin, does WGE change this?

Author: No, bad typo, good catch

Author: ```suggestion
By default a user `wego-admin` is used when you login.
```
